a group of people are invited to play a
game of death with a winning prize that
will make them millionaires that's why
today on the summarizer squid game
the story begins with gyan a boy who
works as a driver he lives with his
mother and she gives him some money so
he can buy fried chicken for his
daughter's birthday but he sees that
money isn't enough for anything so she
gives him some more and leaves the house
complaining about a backache when gion
leaves he finds a card from his mother
withdraws all the money and goes to
gamble because that's what a man does on
the first vet he loses but on the second
bet he wins and tells his daughter that
he has money so he can take her out to
eat whatever she wants and will get her
a big present then he hangs up because
some guys to whom he owed money were
around they start following him and he
collides with a woman falls and then
they catch him he says he already has
some money and he can give it to them
but when he wants to give them the money
he won in the bets it was gone because
he realized that when he crashed into
the woman she stole his money so the bad
guys make him sign a paper waving his
physical rights because if he doesn't
pay them in a month they will take a
kidney and an eye they leave and the
night arrives to get his daughter's gift
he goes to some games to try to get a
teddy bear but he can't and finally with
the help of a boy he gets something he
goes to give the gift to his daughter
but when the girl opens it it turns out
to be a gun and obviously the girl
doesn't like it very much then guyon
goes to leave her with her mother who
already has another child and a new
husband then gion goes to catch the
train but he's too late and the last one
had already left so he sits down to wait
and at that moment a mysterious guy
tells him that he could earn money in
exchange for some games guillen doesn't
believe anything but decides to play all
night he keeps losing and getting beaten
a lot
whoa just take it easy man until finally
he wins and the guy gives him some money
at the end he gives him a card on which
there's a number he must call if he
wants to continue playing games and
winning money then he goes to his store
to buy some fish and asks for sungu who
is his friend and is on a business trip
abroad then he goes to see his mother
and shows her all the money he earned he
tells her that he did it with a clean
job and the old lady doesn't believe him
but she tells him that he must fight for
his daughter because her mother will
take her to the usa and he still has a
chance to get her back if he proves that
he has enough money to keep her for that
reason he decides to call the number on
the card he's summoned to a place a guy
in red goes to pick him up he sees that
everyone who was there was asleep and at
that moment they also put him to sleep
hours go by and he wakes up in a uniform
along with 455 other people who are
there to play and win money all these
people have an arrival number and are
identified by that as no one reveals
their name geon is number 456 and meets
number one he tells him that he's in
that place because he has a tumor in his
head and for that reason he prefers to
go and enjoy playing than to be bored at
home with nothing to do then some guys
in red arrive to explain that all of
them will play for six days six games
and the winner will get a big cash prize
which is money collected in this box so
they all start signing their acts of
consent which is divided into three
rules number one is that the player
cannot stop playing number two is that
the player who refuses to play will be
eliminated and rule number three is that
the games can end but if the majority
agrees then comes the first game it's
show time in which gyan finds his friend
who was supposedly on a business trip
then everyone starts to play the game
which is called red light green light
but first of all we observe the leader
who runs the place and says that the
game should start now the game consists
in that the participants can move
forward until the doll shouts green
light when saying this everyone must
stop and stay still because if they move
they will be automatically eliminated to
win they must move to the other end and
cross the line but they have a time
limit of five minutes the game starts
with everyone moving forward while the
doll sings finishes and observes
everyone but one of the players moved
and is eliminated everyone keeps moving
forward until his friend realizes that
he's dead the doll detects that he moved
and automatically eliminates him so now
everyone understands that when they said
eliminate them they meant kill them life
sure is full of surprises they run
desperately and most of them end up
dying now they all know that they must
move forward and cross the line or else
they will all die so they keep playing
while the leader is super comfortable
watching everything the old man in sangu
make it through but gyan doesn't time is
running out and he stumbles but number
199 saves them the doll manages to sing
again time is up and both of them make
it through
[Applause]
those who didn't pass die finish the
game and we find out that this place is
on a super far away island after game
number one out of 456 players there are
now only 201 players left some players
no longer want to continue playing and
so remembering the third rule they will
hold a vote to see if they will continue
playing or not they all vote 100 say
they want to leave and 100 say they
don't and finally the old man decides to
vote not to continue playing some
participants get very angry because of
that and for that reason the red square
says that if they want to return the
doors will be open and they will resume
the game after that he says goodbye and
they left all the participants in
different places gion goes to tell
everything to the police but they don't
believe him except for one guy who's
also policeman and he keeps looking at
the card later he can't find his mother
and gets the call that she's in the
hospital because apparently she's
diabetic and was not treated in time
they have to hospitalize her but the
lady ignores it since she has no money
and decides to leave the hospital later
we see jun ho the policeman whose
brother is missing who finds the same
card as gyun on the other hand the guy
who saved gian's life named ali goes to
collect what he's owed so he can finally
go home to his family he hands the money
to his wife tells her that he has to do
something will be back in the meantime
sangu has been having a hard time he's
in debt and the card arrives again gion
meets the old man who tells him that
he'll go back to the games since he
feels free in there and has nothing to
do outside the next day ali sangu the
girl and the old man also come back the
policeman follows the cars fights one of
the reds and manages to infiltrate
everyone wakes up and we see that out of
200 players only 187 have returned
everyone starts to form their groups in
order to win the next games gyan teams
up with sangu ali and the old man hours
go by and it's time to play game number
two and i'm so excited they take all the
participants to the game room and make
them choose one of four figures sangu
chooses the triangle ali chooses the
circle the old man chooses the star and
gyun chooses the umbrella after choosing
their figure they are handed out
something and given the instructions
which are that they must detach the
figure they chose within a time limit of
10 minutes everyone starts to play many
pass and many die gyan can't get the
umbrella off until he discovers that by
licking the thing it will melt and you
can easily take the figure off so he
does it and makes it through one of the
participants goes crazy and threatens to
kill the square if they do not reveal
his identity the square who is the
leader of all the reds with the
triangle-shaped head reveals his
identity and upon seeing him he shoots
himself then the leader arrives to kill
the square since the rule in that place
is that no one must know his identity on
the other hand among the participants
there's a doctor whom a group of reds
take to an operating room so that he can
remove some organs and they can sell him
in return the reds tell him which game
he will play next and mention that there
will be a ride at night for that reason
he must join the strongest team since
the strongest will kill the weakest so
he goes and joins the thug telling him
what the next game will be
night comes and everyone starts fighting
many die this girl joins jion's team and
the old man climbs to the top to ask
everyone to stop the leader accepts his
request and they stop everyone then the
girl mentions her name sybiak and it's
time for the third game this consists of
choosing groups of ten gian's team is
five people so each one will look for
one more member everyone takes a man
except sybiak who got a girl the old man
couldn't get anyone but this woman joins
the group since others rejected her to
start the game there's a rope two teams
face each other and the team with more
strength that pulls the other into the
void will win sangu thinks all is lost
since there are three women and an old
man in the team but thanks to the old
man's technique they win then the leader
discovers the guys who sold the organs
finds them all and kills them all
including the doctor but there's a
missing member of this team number 29
who is precisely the infiltrated
policeman this guy was in the very
office of the leader looking for data to
find his brother and found that he was a
player in 2015 and won now we go to the
fourth game which consists of forming
teams of two to play marbles the old man
makes a group with jian sangnu with ali
and sybiak with the other girl after
that they find out that they will play
with each other those who win will move
on in the next game and those who don't
will die sangu starts playing with ali
ali is beating him so sangu tells her
that it's better if no one wins so they
can both be saved so they split their
marbles but ali discovers that he
cheated him and instead of giving him
his marbles he gave him stones and at
that moment he shot on the other hand
jion was cheating the old man because he
didn't even remember the words he said
for that reason he was about to win and
had only one marble left for the old man
but the elder gives it to him so that he
can win and tells him that he really did
know the words but he was letting him
win so the old man dies
meanwhile cyberk had already made
friends with the other girl until they
play and the girl lets her win since she
told her about her little brother who's
in a shelter and then what she would do
with the prize would be to go and get
him back so cyberk wins and the girl is
killed the next day we observe the
arrival of the vips some very rich guys
who go to watch the games for fun and
gamble along the way now the cop
infiltrates as a waiter and one of the
vips starts to seduce him and takes him
to a room there the cop threatens him
and makes him tell him everything
meanwhile in the game everyone died
except for jion sybiak and sangu at the
end of the game everything explodes
saibiak gets a super big wound the cop
manages to escape from the place and
arrives at another island where he
starts searching for mobile signal he
calls his boss to tell him everything
and sends him all the evidence and notes
he made during all this time meanwhile
the three finalists were invited to
dinner everything was taken away and
they were left with a knife now going
back to the policeman the leader reveals
to be his brother
i can't believe what i'm seeing the
policeman is shocked and apparently all
the evidence was not sent because in
that place there's not much signal so
the leader kills his brother later
sybeok and jian become friends they talk
about how to take care of sangu and she
tells him that if she ever dies he must
win and take care of his brother at that
moment saibiak feels sick and jian goes
to find the people in red to ask for
help they open the door but enter with a
box since sybiak had died because of
sangu then comes the day of the last
game and it's called the squid gameplay
is the music mozart
super furious and goes all out but when
he's about to kill him he doesn't but
sangu commits suicide though and finally
jion wins
he's sent back to his hometown with all
the money and the first thing he does is
to withdraw some to go see his mother
but when he finds her she's already dead
a year later he's at the bank because he
has had a very large amount of money for
a year and has not touched it at all
then a lady offers him some flowers he
buys them and there is a little card
that belonged to the old man he goes to
see him and discovers that he's alive
there he tells him the whole truth that
he is a very rich old man but he has a
tumor in his head and his days were
counted for that reason he decided to
make his games meaning that he is the
real creator jion is very angry with him
12 o'clock comes and the old man dies
jion dyes his hair and finally decides
to use his prize he goes to take sybeox
brothers out leaves him with sangu's
mother and gives her a lot of money to
take care of him he goes to the train
and sees the same guy who made him play
for the first time he runs to see him
but he can't find him anymore the one he
does find is the man he made him play he
takes the card from him and is about to
get on the plane to america to go see
his daughter but when he sees the card
he decides to stay to take revenge that
was squid game comment which series or
movies you like me and summarize for
future videos see you later
okay bye
[Music]